Halfdocs reorg (#13)
ROCm/half: docs/how-to/use-half.rst

.. meta::
  :description: Half documentation 
  :keywords: Half, APIs, ROCm, documentation

Using Half
-----------

> To make use of the library just include its only header file half.hpp, which defines all half-precision functionality inside the 'half_float' namespace. The actual 16-bit half-precision data type is represented by the 'half' type. This 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the library, include its only header file half.hpp, which defines all half-precision functionality, inside the 'half_float' namespace. The actual 16-bit half-precision data type is represented by the 'half' type. This 
```

> type behaves like the builtin floating point types as much as possible, supporting the usual arithmetic, comparison and streaming operators, which makes its use pretty straight-forward:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
type behaves like the builtin floating point types as much as possible, supporting the usual arithmetic, comparison and streaming operators, which makes its use pretty straightforward:
```

Reviewer: bulit-in

.. code-block:: bash

    using half_float::half;
    half a(3.4), b(5);
    half c = a * b;
    c += 3;
    if(c > a)
	    std::cout << c << std::endl;

Additionally the 'half_float' namespace also defines half-precision versions for all mathematical functions of the C++ standard library, which can be used directly through ADL:

.. code-block:: bash

    half a(-3.14159);
    half s = sin(abs(a));
    long l = lround(s);

You may also specify explicit half-precision literals, since the library provides a user-defined literal inside the 'half_float::literal' namespace, which you just need to import (assuming support for C++11 user-defined literals):

.. code-block:: bash
  
    using namespace half_float::literal;
    half x = 1.0_h;

Furthermore the library provides proper specializations for 
'std::numeric_limits', defining various implementation properties, and 
'std::hash' for hashing half-precision numbers (assuming support for C++11 
'std::hash'). Similar to the corresponding preprocessor symbols from <cmath> 
the library also defines the 'HUGE_VALH' constant and maybe the 'FP_FAST_FMAH' 
symbol.

> IMPLEMENTATION

Reviewer: This should be a heading style

implication is, that in the presence of rounding errors or over-/underflows 
arithmetic expressions may produce different results when compared to 
converting to half-precision after each individual operation:

    half a = std::numeric_limits<half>::max() * 2.0_h / 2.0_h;       // a = MAX
    half b = half(std::numeric_limits<half>::max() * 2.0_h) / 2.0_h; // b = INF
    assert( a != b );

But this should only be a problem in very few cases. One last word has to be 
said when talking about performance. Even with its efforts in reducing 
conversion overhead as much as possible, the software half-precision 
implementation can most probably not beat the direct use of single-precision 
computations. Usually using actual float values for all computations and 
temproraries and using halfs only for storage is the recommended way. On the 
one hand this somehow makes the provided mathematical functions obsolete 
(especially in light of the implicit conversion from half to float), but 
nevertheless the goal of this library was to provide a complete and 
conceptually clean half-precision implementation, to which the standard 
mathematical functions belong, even if usually not needed.

> IEEE CONFORMANCE

Reviewer: This should be a heading style
